Update big_file_upload_configuration.adoc (#992)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/files/big_file_upload_configuration.adoc

Setting `FcgidMaxRequestInMem` significantly higher than usual may no longer be necessary, once bug #51747 is fixed.

== Important Changes in Apache 2.4.54

> In Apache HTTP Server 2.4.53 and earlier, the default value of the `LimitRequestBody` directive was 0 (unlimited). This has changed started with Apache HTTP Server 2.4.54 where the default value is set to 1073741824 bytes (1 GB). This means that uploads to public folders, when chunking is not in effect, will be limited to this file size. Change this value accordingly to your needs in order to allow large file uploads. Please refer to the official Apache documentation {limitrequestbody-url}[LimitRequestBody] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Apache HTTP Server 2.4.53 and earlier, the default value of the `LimitRequestBody` directive was 0 (unlimited). This has changed started with Apache HTTP Server 2.4.54 where the default value is set to 1073741824 bytes (1 GB). This means, that uploads to public folders, when chunking is not in effect, will be limited to this file size. Change this value according to your needs in order to allow large file uploads. Please refer to the official Apache documentation {limitrequestbody-url}[LimitRequestBody] for more information.
```
